hi YouTube friends and back and yes it's
gonna be another haul video and i just
want to show you the stuff that I bought
so without any further ado let's get
started so I went to Nordstrom and I
went ahead and purchased the Smashbox
halo um and this is called the hydrating
perfecting powder and brush set so it
comes to this box and it comes with a
kabuki brush I actually purchase a full
size one and this was six up no $59 but
something like this and then this has a
lot of product but anyway so for those
of you guys who haven't seen this before
this is like a like a big chunk of
powder inside and this is like the blade
that actually um greats it so you just
turn the blade to the right and it
grates the powder you know and it's
ready to use it's like loose powder
right there um and I I actually use this
ready and I I try this first from the
Smashbox kit that I have or that I had
because guess what i ended up returning
that because it didn't like the consists
or I didn't like the coverage of the
foundation and I didn't like the
consistency of the concealer and because
I loved um the powder I went ahead and
just bought the full-size powder I don't
know if that was very smart but I think
it is because this powder has okay there
you go it has points75 ounce of product
inside and the little one or the halo to
go was like point 25 so for $59 I'm
getting a full-size product with a
kabuki brush so I went ahead and decided
to purchase that instead and speaking of
kabuki brushes i went in and ordered
just backups from coastal scents and
these are like the pink kabuki brushes
and i actually ordered two of those
dinner oops i just dropped the paperback
okay so one kabuki brush is something
that stays in my makeup kit because I
bring it to work and like when I'm when
I don't have time in the morning to do
my makeup I go to the bathroom at work
and I do my makeup and the other one is
just gonna stay here as the backup so it
staying with me here at home in my
makeup counter and then I went to Macy's
and I got the clinic I'm acne solutions
the face lotion and this is the one that
has the benzoyl peroxide 2.5% um this is
this is always worked for me that's what
I'm gonna keep using it and because I
was like running low so I decided to get
that one I actually bought two of those
and yes i did get another free stuff
like the free makeup thing but anyway so
that was it and then my sister was that
oh and then i went to target and I got
this elf a lash curler for a dollar well
I didn't get it guess what my husband
paid for it because I asked him to pay
for it and he was nice enough to pay for
it for a dollar so yep the lash curler
I've been wanting to try their lash
curler because people were saying that
oh yeah it's great you know it's
different this in that so we'll give it
a try so that I hope the camera is not
shaking my my makeup drawers are not
very sturdy so I apologize so that one
and then also from target I just got a
new foundation brush because I couldn't
find the one that I already had I washed
it and I don't know if I dropped it
somewhere but yeah I got this one 699
and then I got a pencil sharpener just
you know as the backup is well I have
sharpeners at a used bit mmm that was
bought it anyway it was like a dollar
ninety and then i went to victoria's
secret and they were having this deal
now when you buy like a makeup product
you get a free primer so it's like a
deluxe sample
of their um and it's called the airbrush
effects face primer and it has SPF 20
there so I haven't tried it yet so have
yet to try and apparently it's supposed
to be like one of the best primers out
there so we'll see so I got that for
free and then the stuff that I bought
from Victoria's Secret they came out
with this midnight glamour um collection
I think or I think that's what it's
called and the packaging is really cute
i love blues and silvers alive look I
love my life I love metallic blues or
you know just anything blue i really
love blue and purple okay the packaging
is like really cute look at that would
boot so yeah and this is actually a
highlighting powder and this is how it
looks like inside it has this mirror so
that's like the highlighting powder and
I think it's really cute i swatched it
at the store and I like how it's frosty
but not to over well overwhelming frosty
and it's gonna work as a blush too so
yeah and this was for twenty-six dollars
I'm just kidding that was sixteen
dollars haha was being stupid yeah okay
so that was sixteen dollars and then a
thing that I decided to purchase from
Victoria's Secret was this one and it's
the smoothing lip scrub and ball and
it's kind of bulky but yes it's okay so
here's the like up here is a poem I
can't even oh oh they're so it's just
like your regular pink home and then
inside is the sugar scrub or is it the
sugar scrubber it's just like a lip
scrub right there so oh it smells really
fruity like citrusy and this one was for
I don't know it doesn't have a price but
um I'm not sure I think I was like
twelve dollars I I'm not sure I'm gonna
find out for you but yeah so I got that
and then I finally got a hold of a
full-sized um um pro longwear foundation
and this is an MC 30 as that is my
perfect shade so I got that and that's
it that's all that i got and yeah those
did I thought I had more but anyway so
yeah that was it and that's my hole for
today and I hope you guys enjoyed the
whole video and let me know if you have
questions and I love you all hi